hey guys Simmons here today I'm gonna
dye my hair pink I don't know I just
thought it'd be something really cool to
try out I'm gonna mix it with a lot of
conditioner sort of a washout it's just
a little fun thing I don't know what I'm
doing
let's go okay we're gonna try and like
separate the hairs in things I don't
know I think this is how they do in the
movies okay that's cool
color and a bull of Brahman or so
professional over here guys chest we is
how you do the thing okay plus we're
gonna go in with our hands down we love
having stained hands who tweeted purple
my hair the other day
and she did this so I don't know if
it'll like I was kind of running it
through my hair like wherever it hits
and hits you know like going with the
flow in of the menstrual cycle which is
what it looks like on my hands oh that's
a lot that is a lot to my ears I would
choose to do this with my life
okay a little bit better I think so okay
so the back it's just like whatever it
was water like that won't do anything at
all I want this in here I don't know if
I do I think it's too late now
yeah I don't like that like this this is
just pure water and dies it's gonna cut
out like a day all right we're gonna go
rinse this top part out so we'll see you
in a second huh
I don't think Yuma okay a little doesn't
it's either like small little streaks
it's not like the whole thing it'll look
okay I hope so I guess let's clean up do
you slow my algebra studying come back
and wash this puppy out okay so I just
showered and I'm gonna dry it and I hope
it's into a two pink I feel like it did
okay so um it's not as bad as I thought
it would be it's it's the middle it's
gonna wash out assume you don't like
those notes it might look a little bit
like crazy bright but it'll wash out see
was temporary and it's just it's fine so
know that figure to the purple really
nicely actually
solo see us next time thanks for
watching and make sure to subscribe